hello dear people here is everything again
extremely team now in the new and last
video in the old year we want you
show how to clean your carburetor
you can step 1 you have the carburetor
Remove
It's best if you go with it
then you have enough space to
otherwise you have to work the service
use the flap in the helmet compartment
then you turn the screws on the
pinch out so that you have the hoses
that come from the air filter and from the heart
could pull off
next in gt is the first one
cap off then he quotes with
attached to a kind of small book prices
secured with a small screw
you just have to pull it out
Now you can just do the job
pull out
Now we see the gas-guzzler
this goes laterally in the carburetor
the automatic petrol tap does not know
should close that was with us
unfortunately the case
just clip the hose with one
but next we'll pull that
carburetor off the intake manifold so that we
can work better
Now we are going to cut the gas here
This hits the very front
then you can do the steel rope with something
skill through the gap in the circle
lead and it goes out next
unscrewed the front mother and
pull the rope forward to guide us
Now you have to do the finishing touches
deduction then you have the first step
made
Now we open the float chamber
under the swimmer's chamber put the
Both solve the front nozzle is the
beside and the back had these
substances that out on this and makes
everything as in the video
we have not used 40 of the
besides that made the exact same
then the cover of the floats
you can pay attention to that again
no dirt or foreign body in the
come carburetor that is extremely important
if we did that, we open
the gold-colored lids
underneath sits the membrane and the
float needle
Removed the covers, the fault is gone
and carefully pull the black ones
membrane off
Feels some oil in the opening and lets
run it out again
now you have the membrane and the
re-insert the needle
very sensitive so she bends up
no case works carefully and
do not push the needle up
the membranes must be used exactly in the
if you make the lid on it again
which is extremely important also likely
Never enter the membrane
or to pierce holes
if you are so far that you cover the lid
you can put on it before that
spring back in the hole the feather must
on or over the small one
his hill in the lid
as a direct middle
then just look at the screws
Clear again
then you build everything in reverse
order together again
when everything is assembled and
you have to control a couple of man
step into the shaker and if we do everything
have done right would start up
so that 's it with our little one
tutorial it will be the last video
but it could be for this year
be that we have a kind in winter
special because we have a suzuki
he restored 50 before or
want to beautify something
when and if that will come I can
unfortunately nothing at the time has fallen
Let's look forward to a thumbs up
my comments or an abo to the
days skin row new rollers extreme
team